YIFEI WANG
Personal Details
Name: Yifei Wang ( 王 逸非 )

Email: wany107@aucklanduni.ac.nz

School of Computer Science, University of Auckland

Research Interest
Graph Theory, Graph neural network, Self-supervised learning

Research Experience
Residual Entropy-based GCN for Community Detection

Classical community detection methods only utilize topology, without inherent structures of the features. GCN-based models rely on Auto Encoder or Ncut stages, which is not suitable for Community Detection.
We designed a residual entropy to quantify structural information for community detection on attributed graphs, and combine it with GCN to find ideal solution.
The model outperforms others. We are preparing the paper.
Research on Clustering Models Based on Spectral Methods

The time complexity of spectral clustering limits the application of it. Many approaches try to replace the original graph with a bipartite graph based on anchors, but this is difficult to combine with other models.
My solution is utilizing anchor-based graph and used the augmented spectral decomposition to replace the original spectral decomposition.
Based on this research, I finished my master thesis Research on Clustering Models Based on Spectral Methods.
Anomaly Detection Model (for National Platform for Research Infrastructure Instruments)

There were about 20000 error messages, but the number of items was too large to be checked manually.
I construct the graphs with/without item names respectively, and compare the topology to find the anomaly items.
This model detected more than 8000 items, which satisfied the platform operators.
Regularized Non-negative Spectral Embedding for Clustering

There are two types of classical spectral clustering models: multi-stage models suffer from mis-match between different stages, and one-stage models before rely on c-connected graphs, which need threshold set manually.
Our research shows the connection between clustering-indicator and spectral-embedding. We solve the problem in one stage by learning a soft-indicator matrix based on spectral embedding directly.
The RNSE model performs better than models before. We published it on ICTAI 2019.
Publication
Yifei Wang, Rui Liu, Yong Chen, Hui Zhang, and Zhiwen Ye, “Regularized Non-negative Spectral Embedding for Clustering”, International Conference on Tools with Artificial Intelligence (ICTAI), Portland, OR, USA, 2019, pp. 493-500.